update readme / update plugin name (#6)
jellyfin/jellyfin-plugin-pushbullet: README.md

<h1 align="center">Jellyfin Pushbullet Plugin</h1>
<h3 align="center">Part of the <a href="https://jellyfin.org/">Jellyfin Project</a></h3>

## About

> The Jellyfin Pushbullet plugin can be used for sending notifications to a range of personal devices via <a href="https://www.pushbullet.com/">Pushbullet.</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin can be used for sending notifications to a range of personal devices via <a href="https://www.pushbullet.com/">Pushbullet</a>.
```

## Build & Installation Process

1. Clone this repository
2. Ensure you have .NET Core SDK set up and installed

> 3. Build the plugin with following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Build the plugin with your favorite IDE or the `dotnet` command.
```

```
dotnet publish --configuration Release --output bin
```

> 4. Place the resulting `Jellyfin.Plugin.Pushbullet.dll` file in a folder called `plugins/` inside your Jellyfin installation / data directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Place the resulting `Jellyfin.Plugin.Pushbullet.dll` file in a folder called `plugins/` inside your Jellyfin data directory.
```
